#146: Update cran repo used in CI to focal-cran40 (#148)
exasol/r-exasol: README.md

## Status

> The package gets tested in Github against 4.0, 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3. You can use the [remotes package](https://remotes.r-lib.org/) to install specific versions of RODBC. The packages DBI 0.3.1 and a fork of DBItest 1.0-1 are not the current versions. The Exasol R package may however work with DBI 0.4.1, but until this is resolved the fitting older packages can be loaded from here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Github CI build validates the package r-exasol against R versions 4.0, 4.1, 4.2, and 4.3. You can use the [remotes package](https://remotes.r-lib.org/) to install specific versions of RODBC. Please note that packages DBI 0.3.1 and a fork of DBItest 1.0-1 are not the latest versions. The Exasol R package may however work with DBI 0.4.1, but until this is resolved appropriate and compatible older packages can be loaded from here:
```
